when there are no vegetables at home
the humble aloo comes to the rescue for
the reciever aloo recipe we need munna
masala for gravy dishes potatoes oil red
chilli powder water turmeric powder some
asafoetida or hings
cumin seeds and lastly coriander for
garnishing I'm going to start by
coarsely mashing the potatoes I've
boiled and peeled these potatoes it
gives some texture to the dish and also
helps the potatoes absorb the flavor of
the masala is better
the potatoes are done I am now going to
start on the masalas I'm going to begin
by adding some oil into the pan the oil
is hot I'm now going to add the cumin
seeds
I don't want these to splutter too much
so I'm going to quickly add in my Maggi
Pune masala the Maggi buna masala for
gravy dishes is a ready mix of onions
tomatoes ginger and garlic cooked in
refined oil and contains no added
preservatives it helps to shorten and
speed up the cooking process now it's
time for the powder masalas some red
chilli powder some turmeric powder and a
pinch of asafoetida stir about quickly
and add some water you don't have to add
too much water because we want the gravy
to be slightly thick I'm going to bring
this to a boil before I add in the
potatoes
the gravy has come to a boil
now to add the potatoes now all you have
to do is allow this to simmer till the
dish gets a nice thick consistency this
is ready all I need to do now is garnish
it that looks tempting enough to eat
right away but I'm going to first
garnish it with some coriander leaves I
have to confess receive a aloo is a
great weakness of mine with poori or
some rice it makes a complete meal but
I'm not going to wait that long I'm
going to dig in right now
you